- Ace McFumbles here
with a special
Homecoming Week broadcast.
On Saturday, our Bulldogs play
their biggest game of the year
against crosstown rivals--
the Cobras!
Oh, yes, after last year's
crushing defeat,
our Bulldogs are eager to win
back the hometown crown.
And in social news,
the school is a-hum with mums--
the Texas tradition of mum
corsages, that is.
Remember, if someone
gives you one of these,
you've got yourself a date
to the Homecoming Dance.
- Last, but not least,
Homecoming Court nominees
were just posted to the main
bulletin board.
Let's go to Chauncy, our man on
the scene with the results.
- I've gotta say...
the mood is electric.
I'm afraid to look.
- It's safe!
- We're all up there!
PEPPER, BELLA, SOPHIE:
- Oh, my gosh!
- Yay!
- This is so cool!
Now we'll all be in the yearbook
picture together.
- Picture? Oh, no.
- What?
- My zit nemesis is coming back.
- You mean your nemezit?
- Yes, the zit that wants
to ruin my life.
It always shows up
at the worst time.
- It's nothing.
- Yeah, nothing at all.
- Pepper, you're lying.
You always blink when you lie.
I would never!
- I'm out.
I've gotta stick my face
in some zit cream.
- It's all happening--the three
of us on Homecoming Court.
And there's a dance.
- I know.
I wish I had a date.
But I haven't had a spark
with anyone since Kyle.
It's probably for the best.
I have to focus on
the Homecoming game.
- Okay, don't tell anyone,
but I've kinda had
a spark with someone.
I'm hoping he'll give me a mum.
- Seriously? Who?
- Oh, I'm dying to tell you.
Okay, it's--
No, I can't.
I don't want to jinx it.
- I totally understand.
This is so exciting!
- Ladies, relax.
I've worn this shirt before.
- This is not about you, Troy.
This is about Homecoming.
- Bella, Sophie and I got
elected to Homecoming Court
and we're girling out hard.
- Bella, I'm so
disappointed in you.
You should be focused
on the game,
not some outdated
popularity contest.
- Troy, you got nominated
for Homecoming King.
- What? Yes!
All right! I'm King!
All hail King Troy! I did it!
Did you hear? I'm King!
- Should we tell him
he hasn't won yet?
- Let's let him have this.
- ♪ Dreamlike, teamlike ♪
♪ Livin' like
one of the boys ♪
- This is the second time
you kids have come in
for free sundaes this week.
- Well, yeah, 'cause it
says it right here--
"Free sundaes for athletes
wearing game jerseys
during Homecoming Week."
- Yeah, but that doesn't mean
unlimited sundaes--
- Oh, should I call
my legal representative?
Hello? Hey.
- No. I just settled
a lawsuit.
Some kid got his tongue
stuck on the soft-serve nozzle.
Now I have to give him free
ice cream for life.
- Thanks, Daddy.
- Faker!
Here you go.
- The only thing that tastes
better than free ice cream
will be the sweet taste of
victory after Saturday's game.
Hoo-rah!
- That's what I'm
talking about.
We're gonna crush those Cobras.
- Oh, don't look now,
but the Cobras just walked in.
- Where?
- I said don't look.
- Right there.
Grrrr...
♪ ...eetings football foes ♪
- Ha. Ha. Look,
it's the Bulldogs.
- Can you believe these
guys have the guts
to show their faces in here
after last year's game?
- Oh, yeah? Well, uh,
these faces are gonna be
in your nightmares after
we destroy you on Saturday.
- Ha. Keep dreaming. We're goin'
all the way this year.
We even ordered
our championship jackets.
Oh!
- Well, that's fine because, ha,
we don't even wear jackets.
- You're wearing
a jacket right now.
- Uh, no, no, this is...
this is a coat.
I bought it, actually--
- What he meant was...
we're gonna kick
your butts so hard,
your grandkids will feel it.
Oh...
- Yeah, you Cobras are
going to be crushed.
We're gonna skin
you snakes alive
'cause mama needs
a new pair of boots!
- Oh, yeah.
Mm-hm.
- Whatever.
- That's what I thought.
- Hey, you sure know
how to smack talk.
- It's a gift.
- I'll say.
You really put them
in their place.
- Yeah, well, they deserved it.
You mess with my team,
you answer to me.
- I like a girl with attitude.
I'm Zach.
- I'm Bella.
- Yeah, I know who you are.
I saw you play against
the Bears.
You can really sling it.
- I've heard that
said about me.
- We should hang out sometime.
- Yes, we should.
- Uh, how about Saturday night?
- That's cool.
Oh, wait, Saturday's
our Homecoming Dance.
- I mean, if you don't have
a date, I could go with you.
I don't have a mum, but--
- Then you better go get one.
That means "Yes," by the way.
- Oh, cool.
All right, then, it's a date.
See you then.
- Okay.
- What did you say to him?
- Oh, my gosh, you guys, I--
- Did you serve Zach Barnes
or did you soft serve him?
- That was Zach Barnes
as in Cobra Captain
and star linebacker Zach Barnes?
- The very same.
You'll be seeing a lot of old
Barnesy come Saturday night.
You know--when he's
tackling you.
- I didn't know it was him.
I guess I've never seen
him without a helmet.
And he isn't even
wearing a jersey.
- What a fool. Now he'll have
to pay for his ice cream.
- Yeah, what a fool.
- Yeah, that's what
I just said.
Hey, you guys.
Something kind of crazy happened
and I need your advice
now that you're here. Is that
toothpaste on your cheek?
- Yep, I heard it works on zits.
- Well, if it doesn't,
nemezit will have fresh breath.
- You were saying?
- A guy asked me to the dance.
His name is Zach.
He's tall and cute
and he likes my smack talk.
Did I mention he's really cute?
- That's awesome!
- But he's a Cobra.
Wha-a-a-at?
- It's his one flaw,
his one tiny, little...
huge flaw.
- Bella, you can't
date the enemy.
- But, you guys...
there was a spark.
- Yeah, a spark that will burn
down the whole school.
- Ooh, this is so romantic.
You're gonna be involved
in a tragic love fire.
- So you think it's
a good idea.
- Well...no.
- It's a terrible idea.
And I think the whole school
would agree with us.
Plus, what if
the team finds out?
- Yeah, you're right.
What was I thinking?
I've gotta go.
- Is that a mum for Sophie?
- It is. My stepmom Brenda
helped me pick it out.
She's really good at buying
showing things
with my father's money.
At least, that's what
my mother says.
- It must be fancy.
- Yeah.
It's got lots of
bells and whistles--literally.
Plus, it's got lights
and a little stuffed dog
that barks to music.
Just enough without
going overboard.
- There are a few things in this
world that just ain't natural--
cheese from a can
and a mum from a store.
That's why my mum is growing
in my garden as we speak.
I'm waiting till tomorrow to
cut it so it's fresh,
and it'll be mixed with
daisies--her favorite flower.
- Wait, Sawyer, did you just say
you're giving someone a mum?
- Yes. Yes, I am.
- Well, aren't you full
of surprises, buster.
Who's the lucky lady?
- Let's just say that's
a surprise, too.
That cowboy is a man of mystery.
Oh, hey, Sophie.
So, I know we discussed
this verbally
and via text and email
and you said "No."
But I was thinking, if you saw
it in person you might say--
- No.
- Okay, clearly I was mistaken.
Catch ya later, Soph.
Hey, Pepper.
- Hey.
- Everything okay?
- Not really.
I was hoping a certain someone
was going to give me a mum.
But it looks like
it's not going to happen.
- Yes, it is.
Full disclosure.
I bought this with
Sophie in mind,
but she wasn't accepting
gifts at the moment.
Pepper, my good pal,
will you accept my mum
and go to the dance with me?
- Sure, Newt.
I'd be happy to.
- Oh, by the way,
if you get hungry,
it's got edible petals.
- Oh, hey.
- Oh, hey, I got your text.
What's up?
- I wanted to talk to
you about Saturday.
I think you're really cool,
but I don't think we can go out.
- Why not?
- Because you're the enemy
and I don't want to
burn down the school
in a tragic love fire.
I mean...
I'm a Bulldog
and you're a Cobra.
We're at war.
We can't do this.
- Look, I knew who you were
when I asked you out,
and I didn't care,
so why should you?
- Because it's more
complicated for me.
- Because of the love fire?
- No. Because I'm the only
girl on the team
and the guys would
not understand.
- Well, just don't tell them
until after the game.
- Yeah, but what if--
I mean, I could, but--
They might--
You know what?
That could work.
- Okay, then. Problem solved.
- Okay, I've gotta
go before they--
Oh, no you didn't!
- What are you doing?
- They're here--behind you.
- Oh, yes, I did!
- See you on Saturday.
And bring your big boy pants!
- Hey, way to put that Cobra
in his place, Bella.
- Yeah, I came for
the ice cream,
but had to dish out
some smack talk first.
- But you didn't
bring your jersey.
- Oops, I'd better go get it.
Hi, Coach. Bye, Coach.
- Hey, guys.
Just, uh, checkin' to see
if you guys are stayin'
out of trouble.
Uh, since I'm here,
I'll have the free special.
- Sorry. Gotta see
a jersey, pal.
-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-
- Is that Newt's jersey?
- Mind your business.
- ♪
- Hey, Sophie,
how's the zit sitch?
- Twice as bad.
Nemezit had a baby and it
is not the cute kind!
Do you have any concealer
I can borrow?
- Totally. I've got
some in my locker.
You can do this.
She'll say "Yes."
You can do it.
- Wow, that's a beautiful
mum, Sawyer.
- Yeah, well, it's trash now.
- Whoa, what happened
with the special lady?
- She got a mum
from another man.
Poor guy.
It's no reason to take
it out on the flowers.
They have feelings, too.
- Great practice today,
Bulldogs.
You guys have been
going hard all week.
- Looks like you've been
going hard, too, Coach.
On the sundaes.
- You guys laugh.
But it fills the void.
- Uh, anyway,
you should have seen
Bella trash talking the Cobras.
She had Zach Barnes blushing
like a little girl.
- What'd you say to him?
- I don't think
I should repeat it.
It was super offensive.
- Go ahead, offend us.
- Yeah, go on.
Do your thing.
- Oh, all right.
Uh, so I went up to Zach
and I was like...
"You Cobras are the worst."
- Oh!
- And he was like...
"You Bulldogs are even worser."
And I was like..."Pssssh."
And there was some more back
and forth, etcetera, etcetera,
bold trash talk!
- That's, uh...
- You had to be there.
- Yoo-hoo!
You boys decent?
- Yeah, come on in.
- They delivered this
to the office for Bella.
I peeked. It's a mum.
- Oooh.
- At least someone has
a date to the dance.
- Bella has a new guy.
- Guys, you know what?
I think I'll just open this
in my locker--privately.
Troy, don't!
- Let's see.
"A mum with attitude
for a girl with attitude."
- Oooh.
- Whoa.
- "I can't wait for
the dance--Zach Barnes"?
- So, about my date...
- Coach, there has to be
some rule against this.
Isn't there a penalty
for, you know, traitor dating?
- Yeah, I don't know.
I've never had a player date
an opponent before.
Now if you'll excuse me,
I've gotta...
I, uh, have to...
I've just gotta
get outta here.
- Guys, this is not a big deal.
Zach and I are just two people
from opposite sides who met,
smack talked and liked each
other--like Romeo and Juliet.
- Oh, yeah, 'cause
that ended well.
- Newt, you're with
me, aren't you?
- Don't look at me,
traitor dater.
- Don't you see what's
going on here?
He's trying to distract you
before the biggest
game of the season.
- Yeah, I mean,
it's a great strategy.
If the Cobras had a girl QB,
I'd do the same.
Probably break her heart,
poor thing.
Be journalin' for days.
- I would never let a guy
throw me off my game.
I'm gonna defeat him
and then I'm gonna date him.
I'm gonna do it all--
like Beyoncé!
- We are so dead on Saturday.
- It sounds
like Santa Claus is coming.
Or a bell factory exploded.
- I know. This one is crazy.
And crazy heavy.
Why are you holding your cheek?
- Nemezit has gone
full on zitzilla.
Everybody's gonna laugh at me
when I'm standing on the field
with the rest of
Homecoming Court.
- Oh, please, no one's
going to notice.
- I know you're lying
because you're blinking.
- No, I'm just trying
not to look at it.
- Hey, you-u-u--
- Don't say anything.
- The mum looks great, Pepper.
Brenda will be proud.
- I hope you don't mind.
I added some daisies.
They're my favorite flower.
- Well, of course, I--
- And they'll be mixed with
daisies--her favorite flower.
- Whoa, what happened
with the special lady?
- She got a mum
from another man.
- Oh, no, I'm the other man.
What have I done?
- ♪
It's game time, folks!
And, no, you're not
seeing double.
It's Silverado East
versus Silverado West--
the biggest rivalry of the year.
If we lose to the Cobras,
we'll never be able to show
our faces in town again.
I have complete faith
in our team,
but, just in case...
Go, Bulldogs.
- Well, if it isn't
Little Miss Quarterback.
- It's okay. He knows.
- Oh, cool.
So did ya get my mum?
Yes, it's beautiful.
- Heads or tails?
- Heads.
- Heads has it.
- We'll receive.
In yo face, Barnes.
- Bring it, Dawson.
- You look really good
tonight, by the way.
- You do, too.
- Again...
- Set! Hike!
Oooh!
A massive hit on Bella Dawson
by Cobra superstar Zach Barnes.
- ♪
- What's this?
- Barnes is helping Dawson up.
Is this just good sportsmanship
or a PG-13 romance starring
Shailene Woodley?
Set! Hut!
Dawson avoids what
was sure to be
a brutal attack by her
Homecoming date, Zach Barnes.
Barnes is down.
Dawson to the rescue.
Uh-oh, guess he didn't
need a hand.
Ten! Hut!
Youch! Another magic
tackle by Zach Barnes.
He is not playing nice.
And, apparently,
he's forgotten his manners.
I hope he's more of a gentleman
tonight at the dance.
Folks, the Bulldogs
are down by 4
with only 10 seconds
on the clock.
But we have the ball.
Can Bella Dawson
get past Zach Barnes
and his tough Cobra defense?
- I can't watch.
Ten! Louis the 8th!
Louis the 8th! Hut!
- ♪
Touchdown, Bella Dawson!
The Bulldogs win!
We won! Yeah!
- ♪
- Hey, Bella, I was wrong.
You can do it all.
All psyched for your big date?
- Please. I make it a point
Ato go solo to all dances.
That way, every girl gets
a chance to dance with The Troy.
And if I'm King, every girl
gets a signed picture--
in their gift basket.
- Okay...
Hey, good game.
You guys put up a great fight.
- Yeah, you, too.
- So, uh, I know I put
the mum on a little early,
but it was too pretty
to leave in the box.
So, I'll see you at the dance?
- Uh, yeah, about that...
I'm not really in the mood
to go to a dance right now.
Are you serious?
Because we won?
I thought you said being
rivals didn't matter.
- Yeah, well,
I guess it does.
Sorry, Bella.
- Sawyer, wait up.
This way.
- Huh? Where are we going?
Hey, I thought
I threw that out.
- It was a misunderstanding.
Just come with me.
Hey, Pepper, I hope
you don't mind,
but I need to take
my mum back.
- Wait, that was your mu--
- Zip!
- What's going on?
- Sawyer needs to talk to you.
- Why would Sawyer--
- Zip!
- Oh, daisies.
I love daisies.
- I know. I made
this for you.
Pepper, will you go
to the dance with me?
- Sawyer, I would love to.
- Wha-a-a-at?
- Yeah, that just happened.
- Aw...
Newt, did you do that?
- Well, uh...
- That's pretty cool.
So, do you wanna
to go the dance?
Together?
- Let's keep it casual.
- I love casual!
- Whoa!
That is some mum.
- It sure is.
Check it out.
♪ Da da da da da da da ♪
No one will notice zitzilla
because of monster mum.
I may have to wear
this all week.
Newt, you're a genius!
- Well, Brenda deserves
some of the credit, too.
- Hey, Bella, you okay?
- Guess I was wrong
about Zach.
- Yeah, well, I warned
you about dating a Cobra.
- It's not that.
I'd get it if Zach couldn't
handle dating the enemy,
but what really hurts
is he couldn't handle
dating a girl who's
better than him.
- Yeah, well, you'd
better get used to it.
You're pretty much
better than everybody.
- Great! That means
I'll be alone forever!
- No, it means you're awesome.
You kick butt.
And one day you're
gonna find somebody
who appreciates
that about you.
- Wow. Thanks, Troy.
Looks like I'm going
solo to the dance.
Oh, well...
- Hey, how about
you go with me?
- What about all your ladies?
Won't they be disappointed?
Yeah, they will.
But, you know, I'll save
a ton on gift baskets.
- And now, the moment we've
all been waiting for.
- Oh, that's us.
- Let's go.
- Ladies and gentlemen,
I'm proud to announce
Silverado's new Homecoming
King and Queen--
Troy Dixon and Bella Dawson!
- Yes, I did it!
Congratulations to me.
Oh, yeah. You, too, Bella.
- Thanks, Troy.
Nice crown.
- Yeah, I was hoping
it would be bigger.
Shall we go to the dance,
Your Highness?
- We shall, Your Majesty.
Let's hang.
- Okay, but I'm keeping
it casual.
- One more minute until
I can wake up
from this free
ice cream nightmare.
- Bulldogs in the house!
- Hey, hey, the promotion
is almost over,
and by the time you go home
and get your jerseys,
it'll be too late.
- Oh, well, then it's a good
thing we brought 'em.
- Great.
- I'll have two sundaes--
one for me and one for my date.
- Friend!
- Friend-date with Sophie.
- Um, Bernie?
- Get outta here, kid.
- I'm stuck on here, Daddy.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org